---
layout: post
title: Week of 03 Oct - 09 Oct
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I spent time studying for the upcoming midterm and then ultimately taking the midterm.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>I would say that figuring out whether or not I want to be on a specific team will be an issue I will need to confront.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on going over the various aspects of the next project that is coming up. I also plan once again going over the previous concepts we covered in class since they are not exactly intuitive despite them not being very sophisticated.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week was spent going over the materials once again to prepare for the midterm. The whole past weekend I was pretty tired so I was not able to get much studying done, but eventually I was rested up enough to get going.</p>
<p class="indented">My strategy was to try to implement the various functions that python offers. This would allow me to be able to gain comprehension when it comes to implementing things quickly.</p>
<p class="indented">When it came to the concepts we learned in class, I felt that these concepts were not necessarily useful with regards to various new applications that they could be applied to.</p>
<p class="indented">Now I am not a seasoned python developer so perhaps the functionality that was shown to us is used commonly thus it would make the code we write more functionally readable. This observation is something I will have to find out in the field.</p>
<p class="indented">The tip that I am suggesting this week is that starting a slack group will allow for files and code to be exchanged amongst a study group more easily. It also adds additional benefits of communication that cannot be found in other applications that are out there.</p>
