---
layout: post
title: Week of 28 Nov - 04 Dec
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I finished up SWE by helping present our website and completing the second exam.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>There is not much in my way since I completed everything.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I will plan on trying to finish my iOS app for my iOS class.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">When it comes to my experience of software engineering, I would say it was an example of how a good team can build an excellent product. It nonetheless emphasizes the need for individuals that are not only competent, but are willing to put in the work.</p>
<p class="indented">I thought it was a nice change of pace to not really be given specific instructions about how to go about trying to solve a problem. By being given the task of having to figure out which technologies should be used, I felt that the project was more of our own creation rather than perceive it as an exercise for a class.</p>
<p class="indented">Given how I had not done a lot of python in the past, having the ability to expand my knowledge in this language allowed for me to better appreciate how efficient it is to write a function or method. I sometimes questioned the purpose of learning some of these pythonic concepts, but I eventually discovered how they would make the task of writing a method easier while allowing for the code to be robust.</p>
<p class="indented">I would say that I question the need to learn XML given how it is being phased out, however, perhaps it is necessary to learn about it given the fact that I may still encounter these older technologies in the near future.</p>
<p class="indented">The final tip I would provide is to learn the Feynman Technique before starting this class. It will help tremendously in terms of being able to learn concepts quickly and not have any holes in your knowledge of a concept. Now it perhaps will still be difficult to motivate yourself to study the subject and perhaps the Feynman Technique won't solve this issue, but I think you will be more enthusiastic about studying the material as a result of learning this concept.</p>
