---
layout: post
title: Week of 29 Aug - 04 Sep
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I learned more about the Collatz assignment that was made available this week. I also spent some time learning about the problem.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p> I am still trying to figure out the various ins and outs that are required to succeed at this project. That way I don't forget about a crucial part of the assignment that was required as part of the assignment requirements.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on spending more time working on my implementation so that it will work for Sphere. I also plan on understanding the various requirements that are needed for GitHub issues.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week we covered additional unit testing techniques that would be necessary for guaranteeing that a project is thouroughly tested. I also better understood how Travis CI can be very important when it comes to the entire development process since it is important to continuously tested you developer branches in a uniform environment.</p>
<p class="indented">I also thought that it was interesting about how the development process when it came to constructing the workoflow proved to give a blueprint on how future projects should be implemented in the future. It was also interesting to figure out how exceptions should be used instead of assetions because I wasn't sure how important it was when it came to using exceptions in stack traces. I think that these concepts that were taught in class will ultimately be put to use in the upcoming projects that we will be assigned in the foreseeable weeks ahead. The implementation of these concepts will help each one of us determine if we have successfully understood the concepts presented to us.</p>
<p class="indented">One tip that I would suggest is to continuously look for the information when it comes to not having all the answers.</p>
