---
layout: post
title: Week of 10 Oct - 16 Oct
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I worked on the IDB project with my team.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>Figuring out more specifically what role each team member should take on with regards to the project would help bring clarification to the roles each team member should have.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on going through what is remaining in the project in order to figure out what else needs to get done.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week was spent going over the requirements of the project with the team members. We also preceded to begin implementation of the various parts of the project as well. A lot of time was initially spent trying to figure out what our website should cover since there were multiple barriers behind picking an idea.</p>
<p class="indented">One of these issues that we ran into is that some ideas did not have enough models while others did not have any good databases out there already. We eventually went with astronomy and we hope that it will continue to remain a good decision.</p>
<p class="indented">It seems that we are making great strides with regards to the back-end especially when you compare what we have right now with the front-end. That also may be an illusion of mine since it is much easier to see the progress of the front-end. However, since this is a static website there should not be that much work with setting up the front-end.</p>
<p class="indented">It seems that we have not chosen the lead yet, but I think all of us have a string personality that enables us to take self initiative with regards to the various pieces that need to come together.</p>
<p class="indented">The tip that I would recommend is that the project lead should perhaps be the one that makes the decisions with regards to the implementation that way the team can be able to move in a direction they may like or dislike thus resulting in a change course if necessary.</p>
