---
layout: post
title: Week of 17 Oct - 23 Oct
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week the team that I was paired with finished up our project.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>Figuring out what tools we will use for the pagination portion of the second phase. We also need to figure out how to get the api endpoints working. We also need to figure out how to work will be divided out.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on meeting up with my team to shell out the details of our next phase of the project. I will also read about React documentation in order to get a better understanding of how the framework is supposed to be used.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week was spent trying to figure out what other requirements for the first phase must be completed. There was quite a bit more to be added since we did not gain much momentum prior to this week on the project. I would say we were moving at a sluggish pace but that's normal with these sorts of projects.</p>
<p class="indented">After we were rushed for time this past Thursday, I think all of realized that we should space out the work more than we had done so.</p>
<p class="indented">We discovered that third party libraries were actually quite beneficial when it came to adding functionality that already did not come with a framework such as Bootstrap. Using the third party library we used alongside with Bootstrap, we will be able to use pagination without having to do much prior setup.</p>
<p class="indented">We have also discovered that by choosing Flask-SQLAlchmey that we are prepared for an easy setup with our endpoints that are going to be required in our next phase.</p>
<p class="indented">The tip that I would suggest is that when it comes to learning a new technology that the individual should attempt to perform a basic implementation while learning the technology since that will take the learning experience from being passive and transforming it to an active learning experience. This is important because I have often noticed that I get bored while reading documentation, and as a result the reading of the documentation is not very useful in the learning process.</p>
