---
layout: post
title: Week of 19 Sep - 25 Sep
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I worked on finishing up my Netflix project with my partner. I also began preparing for the upcoming midterm.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>I would say getting acquainted with the next project. Also finding out what gaps exist in my python knowledge for the next midterm.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on trying to assemble a group for the next project and then beginning planning on what should be done by each individual group member. I also plan on continuing to look over class resources in order to prepare myself for the upcoming midterm.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week was rather uneventful with regards to the Netflix project since the vast majority of the project was already complete by the time the week began. My partner and I mainly spent time making unit and acceptance tests in order to ensure our project met all of the requirements.</p>
<p class="indented">This past week in class involved taking a look at the more sophisticated functions that python has to offer. I would say that these functions give good evidence as to why python is a language to consider if you are trying to create implementations that don't require many lines of code.</p>
<p class="indented">We were able to see the power of using these functions by the end of the week with the implementation of our Netflix project being done in just a few short lines. Wednesday was a very interesting class since we were able to see the inner workings of JPL by Alex Menzies. This lecture demonstrated how NASA is one of the leaders at the forefront of the VR revolution with Hololens.</p>
<p class="indented">One tip I would recommend is when preparing for midterms is to tap into spatial memory as you won't remember everything you looked at the first go around on material. Thus it is essential to continuously recall the material in order to better reinforce your knowledge about that subject.</p>
