---
layout: post
title: Week of 05 Sep - 11 Sep
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I worked on finishing up the Collatz assignment that was due Thursday.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>The main problem that is in my way right is that I am trying to figure out who I should partner up with for my next assignment.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I need to read the assignment details in order to get a better idea of what type of problem we are trying to solve. I also plan on trying to reach out to others to figure out who my partner should be.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week was spent learning about the various ins and outs of python. I think that knowing the various ways that pointers work with the various data structure in python will prove to be of invaluable use when it comes to having to debug at a certain point.</p>
<p class="indented">I also discovered that lambda functions can really cut down the amount of lines that are required to start a function. I think that this will find it's use in handy sometime in the future.</p>
<p class="indented">I also realized that being able to properly understand the various nuances to a data structure is important because it allows the developer to not use as much memory or CPU time because a data structure has to be reinitialized or some other reason.</p>
<p class="indented">One tip that I would suggest is that if Downing puts the code that he will go over the next day on the class website that you should look over it that way you can answer a question in class if he asks you.</p>
