---
layout: post
title: Week of 24 Aug - 28 Aug
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>Since this is my first Downing class, I accustomed myself to his teaching style and class layout. I also installed docker and downloaded his Docker files.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p> I am still trying to figure out if perhaps there were some issues that I do not know about in Docker or any of the other tools that Downing has provided to us. I need to mess around with these tools in order to figure out if perhaps there are issues the I have with the setup of these tools that I have not figured out yet.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan to learn more about the tools that we are instructed to use and figure out how to best get the most use out of each tool. This is important for this upcoming week since the first project will be released, and being able to use the tools provided is paramount to being successful with these projects.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">During the first week of class, Professor Downing discussed in detail the various tools that we will be using during the semester. He gave examples of how unittest and coverage are to be used in various situations. He then would ask random students in the class questions about these various examples in order to further solidify our knowledge when it comes to using these tools in an effective manner. This example of teaching helps to keep me engaged in the material so that when perhaps I am randomly called upon that I would be able to give a thoughtful and correct answer. There was also a quiz that was given at the beginning of the Friday class that helped to solidify the concepts that I had learned in the last lecture. I thought that this was helpful since it will ultimately assist in my recollection of the material. Overall, I enjoy the teaching style that the professor is currently using.</p>
<p class="indented">For me my tip would be to continuously try to figure out a concept that the professor is explaining since there will perhaps be a moment down the lecture that a new concept built on previous concepts will stump you. However, given that you were continuously trying to figure out the concepts presented to you instead of putting that task off for later then you are more likely to succeed at answering a question that the professor may randomly ask you.</p>
