---
layout: post
title: Week of 14 Nov - 20 Nov
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week the team worked on finishing up phase 3 of the IDB project.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>The team needs to figure out how we are going to structure our presentation. We will have to meet up to discuss the specifics. We also need to build the data visualization from the API of the other team.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I will plan on trying to establish what my role will be in the presentation. I will also try to start working on the Kattis extra credit as well.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week the team assembled to finish off phase 3 of the project. Fortunately the backend was not as difficult to construct since we were already using PostgreSQL thus we were able to quickly map search queries coming in from the frontend to our database.</p>
<p class="indented">Fortunately, a lot of the frontend was reusable because in order to show the results. All of what was needed was to reuse the tables library we had used for our pagination portion of the project.</p>
<p class="indented">When it came to adding a search bar, the easy part was being able to find some bootstrap code that already implemented. However, the part that took the longest was getting the CSS displaying properly.</p>
<p class="indented">The problems that we were observing were that the search bar would be displayed above the other sections header, and the search button was too close to the search bar. The search button was also slighty higher than the search bar as well.</p>
<p class="indented">The tip that I am offering this week is to look at yourself in the mirror and ask yourself, "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?". This phrase comes from Steve Jobs and I believe that it has helped me out to find the motivation to work through the challenging task of finding the motiviation to work on whatever task I have at hand.</p>
