---
layout: post
title: Week of 31 Oct - 06 Nov
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week the team that I am working with finished phase 2 of the IDB.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>I need to read the requirements on the next phase of the IDB project in order to understand what must get done in this phase.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on trying to undderstand what is exactly required on the next project so that we will ensure that we have all the components necessary in order to be up and running quickly. I will also be looking into how to do search queries with our RESTful library.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week a lot of headway was made on getting the front-end to work properly. We also spent a little bit of time adding data to the back-end and editing our details pages as well. I was mainly tasking with helping out to get the front-end pagination working properly.</p>
<p class="indented">We realized that the built in pagination for the jQuery library that we were using would not work with our api calls since returning all the data would not work in our case since we had a lot of it. We were then tasked with figuring out how to override the default UI buttons in order to manipulate our pagniation table properly.</p>
<p class="indented">Once we figured out how to override the buttons then we were able to move a lot quicker with regards to getting additional features working. The advantage over using the current buttons is that we no longer had to worry about making the user interface look nice since it was already set up to look nice.</p>
<p class="indented">While we did learn additional SQL queries and functions in class this week, luckily we did not have to worry about having to use SQL since we had a back-end that handled some of the SQL heavy processing for us.</p>
<p class="indented">The tip I am offering this week is that I suggest that the team be as lazy as possible when it comes to try to do it yourself. There are many libraries and APIs that will do most of what you need to get done for this project so don't bother with trying to do it all out by yourself.</p>
