---
layout: post
title: Week of 24 Oct - 30 Oct
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week the team that I am on continued to work on project 4.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>I need to figure out if we will keep the current pagination implementation or whether we will be using React for our pagination. The backend also needs to figure out the api for each model since there are a few models that are not working currently. We also need to fix the CSS on each of the pages that display the details of each model object.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on trying to figure out how we should create the links for each model reference. I also will see if pagination must be reimplemented in React.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week was spent looking over the work we had put into our last project in an effort to better understand the areas that we need to improve in and compeletely implement as well. We spent some time discussing various reasons why we should go with a certain implementation over the other while trying to follow object-oriented principles that have been layed out by experts in the field.</p>
<p class="indented">While we are more serious this time around with starting earlier and keeping a pace on our work, I still think that there are a lot of things that must get done in order to have a sufficient working example. I think that perhaps we should attempt to better understand the problems that are in our way so that we will better understand that amount of time we will need to finish the project.</p>
<p class="indented">Since the project last time was a static web site, there are many more things that are going to be dynamic that we may not have even thought about. Right now we may only be seeing a few issues on the surface, but it is the strides that must be made in our work that is needed in order to figure out the additional problems we must tackle.</p>
<p class="indented">As we continue working, I have a firm belief that communicating with the team will allow the prevention of work that may already be completed or even the prevention of going down a wrong path.</p>
<p class="indented">For a tip, I would suggest making an attempt to fully understand the technologies you are working with since there may be an easier way to do something with that technology or your implementation may break down the line because the various functions and methods were not used correctly.</p>
