---
layout: post
title: Week of 07 Nov - 13 Nov
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week the team slowly worked on the next phase of the IDB project.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>We don't have the best solution right now for searching our database.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on trying to look for a library that will effectively search our database. I also will look into how we will do the tables for the results.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week was rather slow when it came to getting work done for the project. As a result of this, the team will need to make a joint effort to work quickly together if we want to finish the project on time.</p>
<p class="indented">We need to eventually resolve the best way we should go about with searching our database since that will ultimately be the crux of this phase. We originally thought that we would be able to use the search feature that was built into the RESTless library we were using, but we soon realized that this would not be effective at solving the issue we had at hand.</p>
<p class="indented">In class, we are going over design patterns and various implementations. It seems this time around that the readings are much more important in order to understand the concepts presented. As a result, I will need to be more pursuant in terms of staying on top of the readings.</p>
<p class="indented">This not only will help with the quizzes, but it will also help with understanding the lecture material that is presented in class.</p>
<p class="indented">The tip I am offering is that there needs to be a point in which you realize that your productivity will be a lot better if you did something unproductive or if you took a nap. There is no need to drag on the work of a project if nothing is getting done.</p>
