---
layout: post
title: Week of 26 Sep - 02 Oct
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I spent time studying for the upcoming midterm in this class.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>One important concern that is standing in my way with regards to studying for this midterm is understanding the type of questions that 
will be on the midterm. An example of what I'm referring to is that I may try studying for multiple choice type questions when in fact there may be mostly implementation questions. I also need to catch up on some of the class readings as well.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on continuing to study for the upcoming midterm through multiple approaches from practicing to code in python to reading the class materials.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week was spent preparing for the upcoming midterm this Thursday. I did so by going through the various .py files from previous and upcoming lectures in order to test my knowledge and understanding regarding various python concepts.</p>
<p class="indented">My technique was to expose myself once more to the various examples that were in each py file in order to better familiarize myself with a certain concept. I also did not just only look at one .py file, but I also would go back to the same .py file another separate day and look over the concepts again in order to reinforce the concepts in my head via spatial memory learning.</p>
<p class="indented">Performing this studying helped me to realize that there were flaws when it comes to my methods of studying. These flaws were evident come Friday's quiz when I was presented with a situation that I had not thought about before. This situation demonstrated that we are often vulnerable to assumptions that can be made when we are studying materials in a non-exhaustive rigorous approach.</p>
<p class="indented">What became evident is that I should perhaps treat such class resources as a foundation for creating questions of my own that will ultimately test me in on my understanding of the various concepts that were taught in class. Creating test questions is not the only approach that can be taken. Someone could try to think about a concept such as a generator and what the behavior it will exhibit in certain situations will be, but I think that perhaps generating test questions is more effective since you could perhaps be asking yourself important conceptual questions you had not thought about while you were making the question.</p>
<p class="indented">One tip that I have to offer is that when you are stuck on a concept, you should try explaining your question by either: typing it up, imagining explaining to a person the question, or explaining the question to another person whether they may know the answer or not. I have often seen in the past how I would ask a question to an instructor or a classmate, and I would suddenly derive the solution to my question while I was explaining it. The entire process of asking a question helps you to better understand the underpinnings of your question along with trying to think on a deeper level of what issue you are having.</p>
