---
layout: post
title: Week of 12 Sep - 18 Sep
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I started working on the Netflix project with my partner.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>The main problem that my partner and I are up against is completing all the required unit and acceptance tests that are required to be completed. We also need to make sure that we have turned in all the required documents.</p>
<b>What will I plan to do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on wrapping up this current assignment by finishing the unit and acceptance tests along with all the other smaller requirements of this assignment.</p>
<hr>
<p class="indented">This past week started out with the introduction of the Netflix prize assignment. It seemed to be a pretty sophisticated assignment with a lot of moving parts, but once we were able to get started on the project it became apparent that it wasn't going to be as complicated as we initially thought.</p>
<p class="indented">On Wednesday, I was delighted that Chris Martin from Bloomberg decided to speak to us about what it's like to be in the industry and how to best get the attention of recruitors when it comes to hiring. One of the things he said that I felt quite reinforced my beliefs was how software engineers</p>
<p class="indented">are not done learning about technologies or concepts once we complete our degree. The industry changes rapidly and being able to keep up with the technologies is essential for the success of the company and the individual.</p>
<p class="indented">One tip that I would suggest is to try to get enough sleep throughout the week. The reason I say this is that we are used to waking up at a usual time each day even if we didn't get much sleep the night before. As a result of this, I often find myself tired later on throughout the day thus I end up having to take naps. While a small power nap is not bad, when it comes to having to take naps longer than an hour is when I start to feel groggy the rest of the day. As a result I am not able to do as much. So while you can, try best to plan out your schedule to get enough sleep each night!</p>
